readme.txt
Version 1.0, last updated 8/14/97

This file documents the contents of the CD which accompanies _Oracle8 PL/SQL
Programming_, by Scott Urman.  There are three different items on this CD:

  1. Source code for the examples used in the book.
  2. A demo version of SQL-Station First Edition for Windows 95 and Windows
     NT, by Platinum Technologies.  This is a full-featured version that
     expires after 30 days.
  3. A demo version of Oracle's Web Server, version 2.1, for Windows NT and
     Solaris systems.  This is a full-featured version that expires after
     90 days.

The organization of the CD is as follows:

readme.txt    This readme file.

code/         The code directory contains the source code for all the
              examples used in the book. In the code subdirectory is a
              separate directory for each chapter, with that chapter's
              examples. Also in the code directory is a file called
              readme.txt with a full description of the contents. The file
              code/ch01/tables.sql will create the sample tables used for the
              examples.  All of the code is distributed as ASCII text files,
              so they should be readable with a standard text editor on both
              Windows and Unix systems.

station/      The station directory contains a demo version of SQL-Station
              1.1, by Platinum Technology, for Windows 95 and Windows NT. To
              install it, run the setup.exe program found in the station
              directory. Online documentation (in HTML format) can be found
              in the station/info directory. For more information on
              SQL-Station, including pricing and ordering information, see
              Platinum's website at http://www.platinum.com. SQL-Station is
              discussed in Chapters 13, 14, 19, and 22 of this book.

ows-nt/       These directories contain demo versions of Oracle Web Server
ows-sol/      2.1. The ows-nt directory contains the NT version, and the
              ows-sol directory contains the Solaris version. To install the
              NT version, run setup.exe in the ows-nt directory. After
              installation, you should install the patch to version
              2.1.0.3.2 which is found in the ows-nt/patch directory. See the
              readme.txt file in ows-nt/patch for more details. To install
              the Solaris version, follow the directions in install.txt found
              in the ows-sol directory. For more information on the Oracle
              Web Server, including pricing and ordering information, see
              Oracle's web site at http://www.oracle.com. The Oracle Web
              Server is discussed in Chapter 19 of this book.